one in the halls it is best to walk to
your class when you're late than to run
because you don't want to look like an
idiot to your upperclassmen walk alone
to get the feeling ride we started
making up
I turn on the TV
as the freshmen wait the critic Friday
believe there must be some cute option
stick for instance with long sleeves and
long pants so then the upperclassmen
don't worry so I think about which has
to take a stand for the freshman friend
when its way
crikey so here we are on our journey to
find the rare donor these are quite rare
so let's begin there's nothing here oh I
know we'll check under the bed they seem
to like those dark places okay nothing I
called crikey one he looks like he
hasn't been so bad over there what do
you want Oh way he's a big one the way
that there he's waving it around that's
his boom boom stone layoff he loves to
cycle man is his favorite Oh what what
you doing punk I was just on in the
geometry classes Mama's back yeah that's
what they all say oh yeah it's writing 1
i'm drinking captain morgan bro this
cigarette and shut up your ass oh hell
nah I'll take orders from you I'm an
independent woman now I hope you've been
taking notes because eighth-graders
going in high school this could save
your life now let's review the halls
freshman Friday and don't forget stores
getting still is frozen fro house that's
Matt peace out
oh now I hope we've been taking notes
just feature eighth graders
8mon